Expose event interface. fixes #2733 (#3321)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/api-change-events.md

---
"tauri": patch
---

> - `tauri::event::Event` and `tauri::event::EventHandler` are now exported as `tauri::Event` and `tauri::EventHandler`
> - **breaking**: The old `tauri::app::Event` has been renamed to `tauri::app::RunEvent` and is available as `tauri::RunEvent`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change**: Renamed `tauri::Event`  to `tauri::RunEvent`
* Exported `tauri::Event` and `tauri::EventHandler` so you can define a function and pass it to `Window::listen`
```
